How to reach sandip foundation?
You can take bus from Takkers Bazar ( New CBS) for Trimbakeshwar. There are many buses from the Takkar Bazar for Sandip Foundation. Which will take you to directly our college. is about 15 kms from the city of Nashik
Can I take my decision over the web, email, telephone, or fax?
You can see our information on our website but for admission you have come personally.
How is the College Campus?
The campus provides an ambiance that stimulates intellectual thinking and academic interaction. The facilities on the campus include classrooms with multimedia equipment/Overhead Projectors, faculty and administrative blocks, a state-of-the-art library, modern computer labs, and an upcoming ultra modern hostel facility on campus
How to apply?
You have to pass CET as per Pune University Rule. Written Test and GDPI will be conducted by the university. You have to fill the online form and have to give your choices of college. After that university will allot the college.
Does Institute have seats for Management Quota?
In General there are two types quota in Engineering Institutes i.e CAP quota and Institute level quota. Being a minority (Linguistic – Hindi) Institute we have additional quota i.e. 51% Minority quota. Percentage of all the three quotas is CAP quota 29% Institute Level quota 20% and as stated Minority quota 51%. Minority quota and Institute level quota are filled at Institute Level. CAP quota allotments are done by State/ DTE. Eligibility criteria being almost same for all quota admission procedures are bit different
What is the ranking of the Institute?
As per The Week Survey our college stands at 92 rank. Within three years span we have reached that level with our excellent and world calss faculty and world class facility. Our institute is ISO 9001: 2008 certified college.
Do you have hostel facility for girls and boys?
Yes we do have hostel facility for boys and girls. On our web site you can search the photograph of the same.
What about Transportation facility?
The institute is having a fleet of buses which travels across the city to provide transportation to students and staff from different locations in Nashik and near by area everyday. Also the institute has tied up with the Maharashtra State Transport to enhance the bus facility. The State transport buses travels across the city to provide transportation to students and staff.The Sandip Foundation at Mahiravani is the authorized bus stop for Maharashtra state transport buses.
What are the eligibility criteria?
The candidate must process a Bachelor’s Degree in any discipline from a recognized university or equivalent there to. He/ She must secure minimum 50% marks for open and 45% for others in the graduation. The students who have appeared for their final examination of degree and awaiting results are also eligible to apply. However, their admission will be subject to their passing the qualification examination on the date of commencement of the curricular programme.
Where is the Nashik Campus?
Trimbak Road, Nashik, Maharashtra, India.
What are the placement activities?
There is separate department with all desired resources. Almost 30 companies have carryied out the recruitment process and around 15 companies are about to visit. Similarly our Training and Placement team has, through various means (in person etc) has approached almost 250 companies
Is it a Wi-Fi enabled campus?
Yes the campus supports Wi-Fi.
How to contact us?
info@sandipfoundation.com
What is the average class size of introductory classes?
The size of the class is appropriate for conducting lectures.
How widely used are teaching assistants on your campus?
We widely use the assistance from the teachers. We use this in our campus.
What is the average class size of upper-division courses?
It completely depends upon the number of admissions. We provide the maximum nuber of admissions based on the eligibility of the student.
What opportunities are there for undergraduate research?
Sandip Foundation have Innovation Development Cell where you can do research while your completion of degree of udergraduate.
How many students participate in undergraduate research?
All interested students can participate in the research related activities.
Is there a culminating senior year experience?
No need for the experience mentioned for the research but you have that deep interest for that research.
Do you have a learning community or other freshman experience?
Community learning is a very good technique to educate yourself and we use this community learning techniques in our campus
What is the average merit award?
The Students can earn rewards as well as trophies for their acheivements.
What percentage of students receive college grants?
Students can get the grands and funding for their respective project work from Government as well as from the institude.
what is the average college fees that students have to pay?
The fees structure is completely depends upon the management of the institute.
What work-study opportunities are there?
Yes. Work and study opportunities are conducted in every department.
What is your four-year graduation rate?
The graduation rate of our college is the best compared to any other engineering college in the city.
How many students at the college get internships?
We offer internships to students those are best in their academics. And various companies are also offeres internships for the betterment of students.
What percentage of students study abroad?
Approximately 5 percent of students get opportunity to study in foreign universities.
What type of career services do you have?
Sandip Foundation offers a very wide career opportunities in respect to education research and entrepreneurship
What activities are offered to students?
Both the curricular and extra curricular activities are provided in the campus such as different workshops, seminars as well as technical events and non technical event.
What clubs do you have on campus?
Yes. We have different clubs forq students like Robotics Club, Adventure Club, Cultural Club,etc.
Are most of your classes taught by professors or teaching assistants?
The classes and lectures are conducted by the professor and the head of department. but sometime we also get the extra guest lecture series.
How often are collaborative work or group presentations required?
Group presentation and collaborative work is also important for the growth of a student and that is why we conduct these sessions.
How big are your classes?
The classrooms are very much specious where you can learn and interact with teacher properly.
Are professors available for research with students?
Yes. The professors are also doing research in the campus and they will collaboratively interact with student on the project research work.
What's it like to be a first-year student here?
For first year students, the syllabus include all the basic concept of every engineering branchs that is computer ,mechanical, civil ,electrical ,etc
How much time do students spend studying per week?
Incampus study is of 25 hours per week. We create a complete schedule of a month.
What options exist for service learning in the community?
Sorry but there is no any procedure for service learning in the community.
Do employers recruit students on campus?
The Campus Recruitment Drives are conducted in the institute after endling of the year.
What types of degrees are offered?
Bachelor of science and other degrees are offered by the university.
Is there an option to take on a minor?
There is separate provision for minorities candidates. Please check the website for the details.
What is the student-faculty ratio?
1:25 is the ratio of faculty student ratio in our campus.
Do they offer financial assistance packages for most students?
No financial package is provided for the students by the institute.
Could I afford to attend this school without scholarships or financial aid?
Yes, But you have to check the admin department first in admission process.
What types of benefits are offered to students?
All the academic benefit as well as the social benefits are provided for the students.
Does this school have a specific religious affiliation?
Not at all. The Institute respect every religion and every student.
What do they offer in terms of social life?
After joining our Institute you will get to know that you are very much active in society.
Is the campus considered safe?
Yes. The campus is very safe for both boys and girls we have a top level security as well as cctv cameras.
Do students typically find a job upon graduation?
Yes. on the qualification of graduation student can easily find job for the next future.
